2003 Toyota Tacoma double cab mods on it
I have there's a three inch lift with
the Bilstein 5100 and the he bought
coils and then 285 75 16 tires with the
Moto metal nine five one rooms it's a
little dirty right now that's a coma
world sticker
and
recently put in the taillights little
cool LEDs
I got magnaflow exhaust show you it
under there but I'm kind of lazy I want
to do it but I did get I got some sound
stuff it's a 10 inch pioneer shallow
mount there's a box some extra speaker
wire back there kind of sucks but you do
have to take off the seat backs because
it won't fit without them I actually
test fitted the box and they would rub
up right here and we push in the Box in
that's not good so yeah you have to take
them off looks kind of ugly but it's not
bad so I did for this was I ran the
speaker wire down here and I ran it
under here under this panel right here
which is really easy to pop off it's
just you just kind of pop it off under
here
those are the RCA cables and then mine
has a my amp has a bass boost I just
kind of stuck it right there anyway with
a speaker water I read it in here and
then I stopped like right here and then
I ran it up here under the seat and then
there's a little like air duct back
there
you can kind of see it there right here
and here's the speaker wire rate right
there here's my ground this Doolin's the
remote and then the powers right it's
hard to see but it's right there the
power since I have to have the automatic
and I don't have a clutch so I know it's
messy but I I draw the whole through
clutch delete plate I put a little drop
it in there I don't know if you can see
it
I'm gonna set this down really quick